AIOps:
Innovate faster, reduce operational cost and transform IT operations (ITOps) across a changing landscape with an AIOps platform that delivers visibility into performance data and dependencies across environments. Embrace artificial intelligence, machine learning and automation to help ITOps managers and Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) address incident management and remediation.
IBM Workload Automation:
Integrating IT, operational, and business workflows to optimize orchestration for the execution of unattended and event-driven processes built to operate in hybrid environments. By Providing a single point of control for your automated activities with an intuitive user interface that enables users to model, manage, and monitor their workloads, enhanced with graphical views, embedded analytics, and customizable dashboards.
Topology:
Allows the real-time view, support and management of highly dynamic infrastructures and services. By visualizing complex network topologies in real-time, updated dynamically or on-demand, and allowing further investigation of events, incidents and performance, operational efficiency is improved, problems are detected and solved faster, false alarms are reduced, and automation and collaboration between operational teams is improved. Also, data can be leveraged more efficiently both in real time and historically, thereby empowering teams and systems to create and nurture differentiated services for different customers.
Operations Management:
Operations Management is the Netcool Operations Insight core offering that is provided on IBM Cloud Private. Operations Management leverages real-time alarm and alert analytics, combined with broader historic data analytics. Netcool Operations Insight is powered by the fault management capabilities of IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus and Log Analysis, which is the leading IBM big data technology within IBM Operations Analytics. This combination provides powerful event search and historical analysis in a single solution. Operations Management integrates infrastructure and operations management into a single structure across business applications, virtualized servers, network devices and protocols, Internet protocols, security devices, and storage devices. It includes the following capabilities.
OCP:
Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform is a consistent hybrid cloud foundation for building and scaling containerized applications. It is a set of modular components and services built on top of a Kubernetes container infrastructure. RHOCP adds the capabilities to provide a production PaaS platform such as remote management, multitenancy, increased security, monitoring and auditing, application life-cycle management, and self-service interfaces for developers.